change readme + added some function into config (#141)
florianbecker/PokemonRaidBot: README.md

`"SHARE_CHATS":"-100111222333,-100444555666"`
`"SHARE_CHATS_LEVEL_5":"-100444555666"`

#### Raids from Webhook

> You can receive Raids from Scanner like MAD via Webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can receive Raids from a mapping system such as MAD via Webhook.
```

For that you need to setup
`"WEBHOOK_CHATS":"-100444555666"`
or by Raidlevel `"WEBHOOK_CHATS_LEVEL_5":"-100444555666"`
All raids will be published in these chats.

#### Filter Raids from Webhook / geoconfig.json

> If you got different Chats for different Areas you can setup them in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple Chats for different Areas you can setup them in
```

> `"WEBHOOK_CHATS_LEVEL_5_0":"-100444555666"` regarding to your configuration in the geoconfig.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"WEBHOOK_CHATS_LEVEL_5_0":"-100444555666"` matching with your configuration in the geoconfig.json.
```
